### [TEC0008-ImportPowerShellModules](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fbodmer/AzureGovernance/master/TEC0008-ImportPowerShellModules.ps1)

Imports the PowerShell Modules from the PowerShell Repository (created using [TEC0007-ExportPowerShellModules](TEC0007)) on an Azure Files share in the Core Storage Account. The PowerShell Modules are imported to the Hybrid Runbook Worker where this Runbook is executed. 

### Not all Modules updated
Prior to the import all PowerShell Modules are deleted. This ensures that Modules no longer used are removed. However, some Modules can't be deleted because they haven't been installed using the Install-Module cmdlet, but that is intentional. These modules don't need to be de-installed/updated, such as the ones in C:\WINDOWS\system32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\Modules, or the Azure Agent Modules. 

### Special Module for Hybrid Runbook Workers
Hybrid Runbook Workers need the following executed under the Automation user: `Install-Module AzureAutomationAuthoringToolkit -Scope CurrentUser`. This is [required](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/AzureAutomationAuthoringToolkit/0.2.4.1) for Azure Automation to be able to access the Automation Assets on the Hybrid Runbook Worker. ???

### Modules used during Runtime
The following Modules are used by this Runbook and can therefore not be deleted. The result is that there might be two versions of these Modules upon completion of the Runbook. This can be manually remediated or be re-running the Runbook. PowerShell loads the Module with the highest version. Therefore re-running the Runbook will load the version installed during the first run and delete the older version that was not deleted during the last run (this only works for version upgrades, not downgrades).
* Azure.Storage
* AzureRM.profile
* AzureRM.Resources
* AzureRM.Storage

### No Support for Azure Automation Servers
For the following reasons this Runbook doesn't support execution on a Azure Automation Server:
* Nuget is required but is not available and can't be installed on Azure Automation servers
* Azure Automation only supports ZIP as a format to import Modules.
* To create the ZIPed version of the Modules, they first need to be downloaded from PowerShell Gallery - which requires Nuget
